`ProfileVoteCard` component (#848)
DA0-DA0/dao-dao-ui: README.md

yarn
```

If you're here to work on UI components in isolation:

```bash
yarn ui storybook
```

> If you're here to work on app-wide stuff, run the `dev` script concurrently for all packages to develop locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're here to work on app-wide stuff, run the `yarn dapp dev` script (or `yarn dev` from the `apps/dapp` folder) concurrently for all packages to develop locally.
```

> If you're here to work on app-wide stuff, run the `yarn dapp dev` script (or `yarn dev` from the `apps/dapp` folder) concurrently for all packages to develop locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're here to work on app-wide stuff, run the `yarn dev` script (equivalent to running `yarn dev` from the `apps/dapp` folder) to run the main app in development mode.
```

Forgot we changed `yarn dev` from root to do this already.
